- 👋 Hi, I’m A.D.C. I don't watch television, play video games or even browse your favorite websites. I have a very large business network. This is my personal page. I work at and own a small portable art studio @lst-c0ast-studios. I'm a writer and private researcher. Currently I'm in the process of designing a series of languages.

- 👀 I’m interested in positive and beneficial social connections! I study morphology! I really enjoy patching audio using modular system setups to design my own "wavetable" systems. I'm a professional audio engineer and illusionist! I occasionally write code and I run a paid service for audio dubs, mixing & mastering, audio remixes, audio edits, general performance booking, instrumental performances, promotions, photography, art, comics, security and many other things! I am currently working on some books at the moment. Here is a list of subjects I've intimately studied in no particular order - Traditional Medicine, Social Sciences, Political Sciences, Computer Science, The Arts, Anthropology, Philosophy, Theology, The Occult, Mysticism, Religion, Government, Linguistics, Transliteration and Translation, Phonetics, Literature, Comedy, History, Advertising in Psychology, Sound Design, Production in Multimedia, Telecommunications and Radio Science, Learning Theory, Business, Law, Mycology, Dendrology, General Field Identification and Foraging, Technology in Research and Development, Economics, Therapy, Hypnosis, Auto-Hypnosis, Infrastructure, Neuroscience, Cyber-Security, Systems Theory, Civil and Social Engineering, Reverse Engineering, Cryptography, Theoretical Physics, Current Social Affairs...on another note, I'd like to take this moment in time to express my detestation for the shallow pervading philosophies that support the excessive acquisition of material belongings that actively work towards the common objectification of human beings. What can be done to benefit humanity and how can we as people work towards a better future for every person?

- 🌱 I’m currently learning about hyperdimensional communications sub-systems and the roles they have in socio-economic, multimedia outlets, civil and military research developments as well as how they affect education and legislation for the people's practical application and how these practices' functionalities affect the complex nature of morphology within the sub-categorization contained therein the english lexicon of my relative and distant locale. How international policies within the context of our world's modern geo-political equilibrium are affected is a constant differential within this very broad and complex study.

- 💞️ I’m looking for like-minded individuals who aren't "religiously toxic". As a writer, I look for people who push the boundaries of literature, grammar and classical methodologies in morphology & syntax. As an artist I look for soul and real meaning in human interaction. As a programmer, I want to read your code and study your personal methods. As a person, I would love to get to know you for who you are and spend meaningful time with you if we're compatible. As a freelancer and businessman, I am always looking for quality people to work with, who respect ethics and understand an individual's needs. If you can make a sale, I might be interested in hearing from you. If I were to run for a position in the field of governance, I would seek to propagate balanced and pragmatic leadership in order to oppose stagnation in legislative idiosynchronicities within various branches and divisions.

- 📫 Message me at lst_c0ast_studios#9976 on discord for business rates, inquiries, questions or comments.Any body, board, council, broadcast (whether intended or not), group or collective claiming any representation or affiliation with lst_c0ast_studios or anybody claiming they are affiliated or related to lst_c0ast_studios without official notice of approval by physical mail from lst_c0ast_studios is unauthorized. Any terms and agreements included in official business are subject to change without notice and can be changed within reason of fair and ethical business practice for most, if not all clientele. Send your questions, comments and business inquiries to lst_c0ast_studios#9976 on discord for an official response.  Do note, you will not get an official business letter of notice unless you have directly contacted me at lst_c0ast_studios#9976 on discord. lst_c0ast_studios does not and will never sell any of your personal information. Your privacy is important. You are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received any communications regarding business in error, please immediately notify @lst_c0ast_studios#9976 on discord or by e-mail (minus numeral and characters other than = what is email) @ 3k5e7l&v$i#n(w$a@s&h!e~r5e7@0p!r+o_t-o"n'm/a\i{l.c5o0m and delete any communications from your system.  Thank you for your time.

<!---

--->
